# Udacity-DeepLearning-Nano-Degree
Contains list of projects under Deep Learning Nano Degree Program

1. **Predicting Bike Sharing Patterns using Neural Network:** This project predicts how many bikes will a bike sharing company need in the near future. Having too few on standby would make company lose money form potential riders. Having too many will waste money on bikes that are just sitting around unused. So, a neural network is used to predict the optimal number of bikes needed using historical data. 

2. **Dog-Breed Classifier using CNN:** Given an image of a dog, this CNN algorithm will identify an estimate of the canine’s breed. If supplied an image of a human, the code will identify the resembling dog breed. This project aims to emanate knowledge about various design decisions to be made in the data processing pipeline by piecing together a series of models designed to perform various tasks in the pipeline.

3. **TV Script Generator using RNN:** The project generates TV Scripts by training a Recurrent Neural Network on existing Scripts for TV Programs, and then uses it to generate new script. It is an easy project to get into Recurrent Neural Network.

4. **Face Generation using GAN:** The project generates faces using Celebrities face dataset, through which a new image is generated by defining and training a DCGAN. The final model generates new images of faces that looks close to realistic with small amounts of noise.

5. **Deploying Sentiment Analysis model using AWS Sagemaker:** The project contains Sentiment Analysis model, generated using an Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). The model takes IMDB datasets and provides feedback on if the review is positive or negative. (Project will be uploaded soon)
